d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\bin\Debug\HMHY.Droid.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\bin\Debug\HMHY.Droid.pdb
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\bin\Debug\HMHY.Droid.apk
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\bin\Debug\HMHY.Droid-Signed.apk
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\bin\Debug\HMHY.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\bin\Debug\HMHY.pdb
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\HMHY.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\HMHY.Droid.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\HMHY.Droid.pdb
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\HMHY.Droid.apk
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\HMHY.Droid.dll.mdb
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\bin\Debug\HMHY.Droid.dll.mdb
