d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\HMHY.Droid.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\HMHY.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
d:\xaber\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMHY\HMHY\HMHY.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
